government officials have left the capital lies
currently in exile the information that comes to us in athens occupied his
relief indicated the Soviet Union did indeed take control of the
capital as well as that of most major cities of greece
in Athens the fighting between the allies and the Soviets is
continue and the losses in the Allied ranks keeps increasing we get
asks of course if the allied forces are able to recover after
all these attacks and during the last session of the united nations the
Allied diplomats managed to raise 280 votes against 7 in order to
that they can create a unico support fund arming itself is likely
to increase the overall war effort
but this proposal implies the formation of a group of defense
international it will be provisionally roadmakers hal gill which is
named European capital I hope it can take the good
decisions
I do not have commitment it's true
but for stalin this is the beginning of the end
it
bravo committed the rest of the world to rebel against him
certainly we lost greece
but we still have resources whatever stalin think because so much
that we can count on men as deserving as you are
we will bring this war to an end my friend
not
one of the damian men
she was on a track
unfortunately the Russian agents captured him
they will most certainly be the man born in Moscow
background notes recover it
she has information about their projects and other tunes
what she has learned can tip the scales in our favor
let them recover
in this state so he does not have us an ethics
but the Soviets must hold tania near bordeaux
the presence of green algae
the truck coming from their nearest base
regularly goes hallucinating several times a day
these pregnancies then stationed to filter the weapons factories they will be able to
maybe succeed in entering the prison illegally
once inside
it will be child's play to bring out lair